Requirements:
Python 3.x installed (download from https://www.python.org/downloads/)
MySQL server installed and configured. (download from https://dev.mysql.com/downloads/mysql/)
A MySQL client (e.g., MySQL Workbench, phpMyAdmin, etc.) to set up the database schema


Installation:
Unzip the files. You should see a `Restaurant_Engine.py` python file that contains our application, and a `CS5200_ResManagementDb.sql` SQL file that contains our database.
Open the SQL file in mySQL workbench and run the file (everything).
Open “Restaurant_Engine.py” file with your python interpreter. (We used PyCharm)
Install package: mysql-connector-python==8.0.27
Do this by writing and running the following command on the terminal window:
pip install mysql-connector-python==8.0.27
Run “Restaurant_Engine.py” file to start application.
Use the terminal window as an interface to use the application.
Please make sure all files are in the same working directory.


Usage:
Upon running the application, you will be prompted to log in either as an owner, manager, or staff member before being prompted to use your personal login information.

Primary Login/Authentication: 
after starting the application you will be prompted to enter one of four preset usernames and passwords that identify you as a certain staff member.
Usernames with their respective passwords are:
‘owner_admin’: ‘owner_password’
‘manager’: ‘manager_password’
‘waiter’: ‘waiter_password’
‘chef’: ‘chef_password’
Note: to start using the application we recommend signing in as a manager in order to have access to the full functionality of the application

Personal Login/Authentication: 
When starting the application, you'll be prompted to enter a personal username and password. These credentials are used to authenticate the user and associate them with a specific restaurant. If the credentials are correct, the application proceeds to the main dashboard.
The database is initialized with some users that you can sign in as to test it out
If you want to be a manager use the following username and password: ‘alee’, ‘password’
If you want to be a waiter use ‘echen’, ‘password’
If you want to be a chef use ‘jdoe’, ‘password’
Note: if you sign in as a manager you can create your own username and password by adding yourself as an employee.

Main Dashboard: 
The main dashboard is the central point for navigating through the application's various features. It displays a list of options that the user can choose from:

Add an employee
Display Employee List
Remove Employee
Add a menu item
Remove a menu item
Display Restaurant Menu
Create New Order
Add menu items to order
Update an order's status
Calculate a bill
Exit the application
Note: follow the prompts given after each selection!

Permissions:
Managers and Owners are granted access to the full functionality of the application
Waiters are not allowed to modify the menu nor add/remove employees.
Chefs are allowed to modify the menu but not orders not employees. 
